# redpeacock78@gemini
```
 ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ 
||r |||e |||d |||p |||e |||a |||c |||o |||c |||k |||7 |||8 ||
||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__|||__||
|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|/__\|
```

# WELLCOME!
This gemini protocol-based page is a brief little self-introduction about myself, "redpeacock78". 

## LANGUAGE
=> ja/index.gmi 日本語
=> zh-cn/index.gmi 中文

## INTRODUCTION
A person who does shell art, guitar and mahjong. Lives in Kyoto, Japan.  
My father's programming experience is in BashScript and my mother's in Javascript.

## SOCIAL
A list of various Social Media accounts that might tell you a little more about me.
=> https://github.com/redpeacock78 Github
=> https://www.npmjs.com/~redpeacock78 npm
=> https://twitter.com/kazuki_199778 Twitter
=> https://mstdn.jp/@redpeacock78 Mastodon
=> https://weibo.com/u/5511883870 Weibo
=> https://t.me/redpeacock78 Telegram
=> https://join.skype.com/invite/woSUZYEyEuZx Skype
=> https://www.linkedin.com/in/redpeacock78 Linkedin

## BLOG
This is a blog where I sometimes post things that I've been thinking about.
=> https://redpeacock78.github.io/ My Blog

## PORTFOLIO
Various portfolio pages.
=> https://k-090708.web.app/ My Portfolio
=> https://portfolio.forkwell.com/@redpeacock78 My Forkwell's Portfolio
=> https://findy-code.io/share_profiles/MtDP20ib6UJ7S My Findy's Portfolio
=> https://lapras.com/public/GX8N06A My Lapras's Portfolio

## QUALIFICATIONS
The various certifications I've earned.
=> http://www.jabar.jp/ 2021/04, Archaeological Researcher Level 2
=> https://www.mext.go.jp/ 2021/03, Curator Certification
=> https://www.kyoto-art.ac.jp/ 2021/03, BA, Fine Arts
=> https://www.eiken.or.jp/ 2014/02, EIKEN test Level 3
=> https://www.kanken.or.jp/ 2012/09, The Japan Kanji Aptitude Test Pre-Level 2

## THIS PAGE SOURCE CODE
=> https://github.com/redpeacock78/my-gemini-site redpeacock78/my-gemini-site[MIT License]

## DONATE/SUPPORT
Please feel free to use it as a test destination for the money transfer function.
```
BTC: 3DANdi2ooepsWpTFMbM9ZRgLtjKJB1sjkm
BAT: 0xE2876c1264f9d202bad8f8Bb2f1D632b54Df9637
ETH: 0xE2876c1264f9d202bad8f8Bb2f1D632b54Df9637
MONA: MCm4boJW2WwVNzeDUDShLUEdmm5nACcWBi
```